                               Bioplib

    Copyright 1990--1995 Dr. Andrew C. R. Martin, SciTech Software
                    and University College London

             23 Stag Leys, Ashtead, Surrey, KT21 2TD, UK.

                     EMail: andrew@bioinf.org.uk

This agreement is made on _________________(date) between:

o  Dr. Andrew C. R. Martin (hereinafter called the LICENSOR) and

o  ______________________________ (hereinafter called the LICENSEE)

Bioplib is a library of routines for the manipulation of protein
structure and sequence using the C programming language.

In this agreement, the term `Bioplib' refers to link libraries, and to
the source code and object code which comprises these libraries.
Should the organisation of the code into libraries change in the
future, the term `Bioplib' will refer to any such link libraries (and
associated source and object code) which comprise the future release
of a package described by the author as `Bioplib'.  The current
organisation of the software is described in Appendix I.

The term `compiling' is used to describe the process of compiling and
linking software on a computer to form an executable program.

Bioplib was written by and is copyright (c) 1990-1995, Dr. Andrew
C. R. Martin and was almost entirely written while self-employed. Some
parts were written while the author was an employee of University
College London (UCL) and these are owned by UCL. All copyright and
other intellectual property rights remain with the author and his
employer. Bioplib may not be used for any purposes other than as
described in the following terms and conditions:--

(1) Bioplib may only be used by the LICENSEE and members of the
LICENSEE's laboratory for compiling software provided by the LICENSOR
and for compiling software developed in the LICENSEE's laboratory for
research carried out there.  Bioplib will be used only by those
members of the LICENSEE's laboratory to whom it must reasonably be
communicated to enable research to be undertaken and who agree to be
bound by the same conditions.  The LICENSEE shall procure and enforce
such agreement from members of the LICENSEE's laboratory for the
benefit of the LICENSOR.

(2) The publication of research using software depending on Bioplib
must reference the Bioplib library and the LICENSOR. This agreement
may be taken as permission for citation as a `Personal Communication'
from the LICENSOR.

(3) All software compiled with Bioplib must include reference to
Bioplib and the LICENSOR in any copyright messages.

(4) All forms of Bioplib will be kept in a reasonably secure place to
prevent unauthorised access.

(5) Bioplib may not be copied for distribution to any third party
except as expressly described below.

(6) The complete Bioplib library may be distributed to third parties,
UNMODIFIED, solely for the purpose of compiling software developed by
the LICENSEE. The LICENSEE must make clear to the third party in the
documentation accompanying the LICENSEE's software, that the Bioplib
library has been supplied by the LICENSOR and that the third party may
only use Bioplib for the purposes of compiling the LICENSEE's
software. The third party may not redistribute Bioplib in any
circumstances except as part of the LICENSEE's software. Third parties
wishing to use Bioplib as part of their own software should contact
the LICENSOR.  A file describing these conditions to third parties is
included with Bioplib.

(7) Any modifications or changes made to Bioplib should be sent to the
LICENSOR for possible inclusion in future versions of Bioplib. Any
such changes which are incorporated into Bioplib will be acknowledged,
but become the property of the LICENSOR.

(8) Bioplib shall be used exclusively for academic teaching and
research. Bioplib will not be used for any commercial research or
research associated with an industrial company unless a separate
agreement is made with the LICENSOR.

(9) Bioplib may not be used as part of any software which is sold for
more than a nominal sum to cover copying and distribution costs.
Should the LICENSEE wish to sell for profit software which relies on
Bioplib, or any part thereof, then a separate agreement must be made
with the LICENSOR.




Appendix I
==========

At present (January, 1995), Bioplib is split into two link libraries:

libbiop.a : A library of routines specifically for the manipulation of
            protein structures,
libgen.a  : A library of general purpose C routines.



Signed:
=======

I, ______________________________, the LICENSEE agree to the terms herein.

For and on behalf of (name and department address):


______________________________________

______________________________________

______________________________________

______________________________________

______________________________________


Signed: ____________________________________________

Dated:  ____________________________________________

EMail address: _____________________________________

